process: add `getActiveResourcesInfo()` (#40813)
nodejs/node: doc/api/process.md

Specifying a code to [`process.exit(code)`][`process.exit()`] will override any
previous setting of `process.exitCode`.

## `process.getActiveResourcesInfo()`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> * Returns: {Array} of objects containing the `type`, `asyncId` and the
>   `triggerAsyncId` of the currently active requests, handles and timers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Returns: {Object[]} An array of objects containing information about active requests,
   handles and timers.
  * `type` {string}
  * `asyncId` {number}
  * `triggerAsyncId` {number}
```

Author: @jasnell thanks, done!

> The `process.getActiveResourcesInfo()` method can be called at any moment and it
> would return an array of objects containing some information about all the
> resources that are currently keeping the event loop alive. This can be useful
> while debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `process.getActiveResourcesInfo()` method returns an array of objects
containing information about the resources that are currently keeping the
event loop alive. This can be useful while debugging.
```

Author: Done
